[DOC] Create a glossary to explain all the concepts (#1275)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js: docs/users/glossary.adoc

== Glossary

> - *_BPMN rendering_*: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *_BPMN rendering_*: The part of the rendering that concerns purely the BPMN model conform with the specification
```

- *_Customization_*: The library user changes the rendering / behavior using their own code by extending the library.
- *_Configuration_*: The library user changes the rendering / behavior using existing features.

> - *_Custom behavior_*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *_Custom behavior_*: Any behavior that causes changes in the BPMN rendering(adding the popup, changing elements color, or thickness)
```

> - *_Custom behavior_*: Any behavior that causes changes in the BPMN rendering(adding popup, changing elements color or thickness...)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *_Custom behavior_*: Any behavior that causes changes in the BPMN rendering (adding popup, changing elements color or thickness...)
```

- *_Diagram navigation_*: Set of user interactions, that permits pan and zoom, to achieve desired visibility on diagram elements or diagram as a whole.

> - *_Options_*: pour configurer l’initialisation de la librairie + pour configurer les API au Runtime

Author: ```suggestion
- *_Options_*: To configure the initialization of the library and the APIs at the runtime
```

> - *_Options_*: To configure the initialization of the library and the APIs at the runtime

Reviewer 2: We need to start with a noun for consistency with the other elements of the glossary

> - *_Options_*: To configure the initialization of the library and the APIs at the runtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *_Options_*: Configuration elements used at the library initialization and for the APIs at runtime.
```

== Glossary
- *_BPMN rendering_*: 
- *_Customization_*: The library user changes the rendering / behavior using their own code by extending the library.
- *_Configuration_*: The library user changes the rendering / behavior using existing features.
- *_Custom behavior_*:
- *_Diagram navigation_*:
- *_Options_*: pour configurer l’initialisation de la librairie + pour configurer les API au Runtime
- *_Library integration_*: Something about how an app can integrate the library
- *_Process data_*: Execution data + derived data

> - *_Execution data_*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *_Execution data_*: Data that is generated during the natural process instance flow: state, logs, ...
```

> - *_Derived data_*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *_Derived data_*: Data that by any means derives from the execution data and/or other contextual data.
```
